README.md, before:


# Facebook for WooCommerce

Grow your business with Facebook for WooCommerce! This plugin will install a Facebook Pixel and optionally create a shop
on your Facebook page.

## Get started

[Visit Facebook for WooCommerce in the WooCommerce store](https://woocommerce.com/products/facebook/)

## Requirements

Facebook for WooCommerce requires
* WooCommerce version 3 or higher
* Wordpress 4.4+ or higher
* PHP 5.6 or greater
* MySQL 5.6 or greater
* WP Memory limit of 128 MB or greater (256 MB or higher is preferred)

## Full documentation

[Get started with Facebook for WooCommerce at our help center](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/900699293402826)

## Contributing

See the CONTRIBUTING file for how to help out.

## License

Facebook for WooCommerce is GPLv2-licensed.

# Facebook Pixel for Wordpress

This repository also comes with Facebook Pixel for Wordpress! A simpler version of the above plugin that will install a Facebook Pixel on your Wordpress site, even if you don't have WooCommerce.

## Get started

Download the zip file marked 'facebook-pixel-for-wordpressvX.X.X.zip' attached to the current release.

## Requirements

Facebook Pixel for Wordpress requires
* Wordpress 4.4+ or higher
* PHP 5.6 or greater

## License

Facebook Pixel for Wordpress is GPLv2-licensed.

Commit message:

Update Readme and Support Info
Summary:
This is ambiguous now since we separate wordpress from woo.
This diff also update support information to open an issue.

Reviewed By: dmitridr

Differential Revision: D7260119

fbshipit-source-id: 6a017f5

README.md, after:


# Facebook for WooCommerce

Grow your business with Facebook for WooCommerce! This plugin will install a Facebook Pixel and optionally create a shop
on your Facebook page.

## Get started

[Visit Facebook for WooCommerce in the WooCommerce store](https://woocommerce.com/products/facebook/)

## Requirements

Facebook for WooCommerce requires
* WooCommerce version 3 or higher
* Wordpress 4.4+ or higher
* PHP 5.6 or greater
* MySQL 5.6 or greater
* WP Memory limit of 128 MB or greater (256 MB or higher is preferred)

## Full documentation

[Get started with Facebook for WooCommerce at our help center](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/900699293402826)

## Support

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe
disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process
outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.

Otherwise, please submit an Issue [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/facebook-for-woocommerce/issues).

When opening an issue, please give us as many details as possible.
* symptoms of your problem
* screen shot if possible
* your Facebook page url
* your website url
* current version of Facebook-for-WooCommerce, WooCommerce, Wordpress, PHP

## Contributing

See the CONTRIBUTING file for how to help out.

## License

Facebook for WooCommerce is GPLv2-licensed.
